Update deprecation guidance (#5127)
actions/virtual-environments: docs/software-and-images-guidelines.md

## Software and images support policy
These are the guidelines we follow in software and images supporting routine:
- Tools and versions will typically be removed 6 months after they are deprecated or have reached end-of-life.

> - We support at least 2 latest OS versions. We begin the deprecation prcoess of the oldest image label once a new OS has been released. 

Reviewer: typo: prcoess -> process

> - We support at least 2 latest OS versions. We begin the deprecation prcoess of the oldest image label once a new OS has been released. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We support at least 2 latest OS versions. We begin the deprecation process of the oldest image label once a new OS version has been released.
```

> - We support at least 2 latest OS versions. We begin the deprecation prcoess of the oldest image label once a new OS has been released. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- We support at least 2 latest OS versions. We begin the deprecation process of the oldest image label once a new OS version has been released.
```
